hi this is artifacts Mars I don't talk
about white so on series of them so much
talked about lately there's something is
nobody's playing down and that's when
you're in the discuss a couple of
preliminary preliminary things however
was waiting like them all right at first
but we'll see okay I'll do the lights on
that I promise right there and that
crater is kind of a tough to see us or a
square looking object I'm not sure what
it is that's not good
alright the his problem as I see it now
look over here to the left move this
again
this sign is in bright light
the side is in darkness
sorry about that my program is doing
weird stuff I can't close down okay so
left side from our perspective is in
darkness well as in light and the right
side as in darkness lesson right don't
mean anything in outer space so here we
have these things now the problem is
these things are just bought a
terminator where it starts getting dark
3somes angle is very low from our
perspective the sun's coming in from the
left snow nice do not repeat they do not
reflect sunlight like that they just
don't not one not when the sun's very
low the series is only 600 miles cross
so I'm not one on certain when there's
some be just a small disk on the rise
and but the point here is that this will
snow nice they would not be reflecting
light the way they're saying nothing
that are stunning out seeing clouds
around this planet anyway fortunately be
even suggesting that these are small and
ice so what is my point well again whole
certainly are not snow and ice so I
asked me something else that reflecting
light and I'm possibly giving a light
off in fact take this down click tryna
grind stone long people right Islam
what are those always stick out wailed
there's enough resolution to be able to
tell exactly what or seen one thing I
can be certain lotion here is that these
things are sticking out like proverbial
sore thumb I would say they're probably
self-luminous that's what it looks like
to me there's so much coming
from these people Thank if you look at
this funnel was all sorts of things look
kind of odd let's wait till dawn
spacecraft gets in orbit but and see for
yourself you know I take the laying down
this area is in the Twilight or early
dawn honey I'm explaining this body
rotates so was this snow or ice
reflecting sunlight no it's not question
is what is it I don't have an answer to
that
other than it almost certainly is
metallic it has to be metallic or
something that self luminous perhaps
well screw it it's artificial I don't
see how this could be a phenomenon of
nature i'm sorry i'm still gonna wait
for the spacecraft to get there well you
know these scientists never point out
these common-sense things
Stewart people it was artificial almost
certainly as I inside I live in snow
country so long don't argue with me mama
sudden and flexing the song is reflected
off snow and ice gets that long small
nice don't make that much difference it
certainly won't light up like that when
snow and ice hit it so I'd saying I'm
going to give them ninety percent
probability of being artificial I mean
crafted socratis some kind probably the
person will magically vanish once Dawn
probe gets into orbit right there people
you bring a white to every day I'm
artifacts of Mars thanks for watching